Ershao
Hahaha Lu Zhaoyuan
On the contrary, how about two young children?
Are you afraid, hahahaha?
How could they not be afraid?
It's stupid at a glance
Right?
What qualifications do they have to be second-hand?
It's the ratio of Winnie
Ha ha.
Second Young Master, please also vote for my information vote.
Forget the vote
Transfer of shares
As long as Mr. Sun signs the contract
The 15% share is yours
Just take my shares
Isn't it fragrant?
Why does Xiangxiangxiang look like a box?
Don't believe me to meet people
Then forget it.
Oh, don't say anything about you.
Sign it, Second Young Master won't lie to me
Second child, I am married, married, married, married
Ershao